Docs: Fix Admin docs relrefs (#51060)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/enterprise-licensing/activate-aws-marketplace-license/_index.md

---
aliases:
  - /docs/grafana/latest/enterprise/license/activate-aws-marketplace-license/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/enterprise/activate-aws-marketplace-license/about-ge-license-through-aws/
  - /docs/grafana/latest/enterprise/license/activate-aws-marketplace-license/about-ge-license-through-aws/

> description: Activate Enterprise license purchased through AWS Marketplace

Reviewer: nit to make this slightly more expansive:
```suggestion
description: Activate your Grafana Enterprise license purchased in AWS Marketplace to take advantage of Grafana Enterprise observability features```
